Add guides on using `<Badge />` and `<Since />` (#1056)
withastro/docs: WRITING.md

Badges work best when they only contain a single word or — at a push — two words. Think of them as a tag or label for something, not a way to highlight longer passages of text.

```md
---
setup: |
  import Badge from '~/components/Badge.astro';
---

<Badge>Nice</Badge>
```

By default, the badge uses a muted colour scheme to blend in. It also has an accented variant that can be used if you need it to stand out more from the surrounding context:

```md
<Badge variant="accent">Wow!</Badge>
```

#### Examples

- The [Editor Setup](https://docs.astro.build/en/editor-setup/#other-code-editors) page uses `<Badge />` to distinguish community and official editor support.
- The [Deployment guides navigation component](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/deploy/) uses `<Badge />` internally to label the deployment types each service supports.

### Since Component

As features are added to Astro, it can be helpful to document _when_ they were added. This allows users to easily see if the version of Astro they are running supports a specific feature as described in the docs.

> You can use the `<Since />` component to display this information in a standardised way. This component takes a single `v` prop, which indicates the Astro version the feature was added in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `<Since />` component to display this information in a standardized way. This component takes a single `v` prop, which indicates the version of Astro in which the feature was added.
```
Yeah, the "in which" is a judgment call to be correct vs common. I'd do this personally, but I won't object to ending the sentence with a proposition if you feel it sounds better.

BUT, I did explicitly choose "version of Astro" to get the "v is for version" connection more closely aligned.

```md
---
setup: |
  import Since from '~/components/Since.astro';
---

<Since v="1.0.0" />
```

This will render the text “**Added in:** v1.0.0”.

The advantages of using the component include:

- “Added in” is automatically translated on pages in other languages.
- The passed version is checked against the current Astro version and a “NEW” badge will be added automatically as long as the version is relatively recent.

#### Examples

> The standard usage of this component is on its own line either immediately following the heading for the feature it is referring to, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The standard usage of this component is on its own line, immediately following the feature's heading, for example:
```
Maybe we can get away with just this? (I took out the either to avoid an either / or spanning a whole whack of stuff. I think the "or" can still work on its own like this.)

```md
## `Astro.clientAddress`
<Since v="1.0.0-rc" />

Specifies the IP address of the request. This property is only available when building for SSR (server-side rendering) and should not be used for static sites.
```

>  Or it can be used in a short block of information, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Or, it can be used in a short block of information, for example:
```
